hey everybody the Steve Goodell learning
DSLR video comm I'm in Breckenridge
Colorado and I'm actually filming this
shooting this condo for like a home away
or VRBO type of video I've got a client
that wants me to shoot I've never done
real estate or architectural type videos
before so this is definitely a first
about a whole bunch of year with me one
of the one of the first things I
definitely doing because there's a whole
bunch of different lights in here
there's fluorescents LEDs halogens
because I've been using my digital
calibration target awesome just for
setting custom light bounce
every time I move the camera because
every shot though the color is changing
in fact what I'm doing right now and I'm
kind of killing time and I am as you can
see out the window it's just about there
maybe not a twenty minutes or so I want
to shoot this part of the Interior which
has a lot of windows coming in I want to
get the light even between outside and
inside so they're very similar and I've
got some extra lights with me I'm going
to bounce light up off the corners of
the walls try to get some more fill
light so I can add more detail in the
shadows but definitely the total
calibration target if you're not
familiar with it it's an awesome product
really helps you teach learn how you you
know custom white balance exposure for
instance if you're doing exposure in a
difficult situation depending your
picture style on how much contrast
you've got in it but if you're using
like a standard picture style and you're
looking at the histogram you should have
a nice clean spike right in the center
to have a spike off to the right and you
have a spike off to the left I use
neutral picture styles so those are
actually constricted the white is over
here and the blacks over here a little
bit and this is right in the middle
because it's got a less contrast II
image but definitely a great product
it's listed on my gear page lot of
people ask me about it gonna help
support my site that's one way you can
do it off at B&H t-shirts there Jason
over at cropped sensor design
contacted me and wanted to create some
t-shirts for my site which I was honored
I was like sure let's you know give it a
go and see how it works
so he's creating the t-shirts and
shipping them and he gives me a little
bit of a cut for each t-shirt so if you
wanted to help you know support my site
you know I've got a donate button on my
site which some people use and thank you
very much it's just awesome and then you
know people buy stuff off of my gear
page to like B&H photo and I get a cut
of that as well it doesn't cost you
anything extra and that helps support me
make these type of videos but here's
another way if you're like geeky type
t-shirts like I do like these definitely
take a look at his site I'll put a link
over on the banner over on the sidebar
for his site and I'll put a link in the
show notes as well but you know anything
that you can do to help support may make
more of these types of videos if you
find them worthwhile definitely let me
know oh and another thing out it's kind
of interesting on this particular
project I went to premium beat and I met
with the owner and of the condo and we
sat down for like a half hour to discuss
what she wanted in the video and one of
the things we did which was kind of fun
is I picked out or like 30 songs that
she listened to on premium beat and she
picked the one that she thought
represented her condo or the style of
you know not being too elegant and are
not being too rustic this is the song
that she wanted so maybe I'll even put
the song in the background of me talking
right here so what I did is I just put
my headphones on and it was kind of neat
because when I would do a slide movement
or a pan or a rack focus the timing of
the music just going through my head
subconsciously I kind of knew how far a
bass the slide should be where I would
cut from one to another so it was just
kind of an interesting thing I'll see
how it works in the actual Edit Bay but
so far it seems like it was kind of a
neat way to do it also you know just
listening to the music coming up here it
just envisioned me it's like
but a great temple for like walking so I
definitely want to go downtown
Breckinridge and get people walking and
step and maybe close up the feet a whole
bunch of different things I just got a
whole bunch of ideas I'm sure I'll shoot
20 shots and I only get one shot ratio
kind of thing 20 to 1 I shoot a ton and
then I just picked the very best and put
in the and it's gonna be a probably
about a 3 minute maybe two and a half
minute video for this real estate site
alrighty that's pretty much it I've
probably talked way too long all right
talk to you guys later bye
you